friends: new always transform numbers option (#1464)
irontec/ivozprovider: doc/sphinx/administration_portal/client/vpbx/routing_endpoints/friends/remote_friends.rst

        If set to 'yes', this SIP endpoint must be a **T.38 capable fax sender/receiver**. IvozProvider
        will act as a T.38 gateway, bridging fax-calls of a T.38 capable carrier and a T.38 capable device.

>     Always apply transformations
>         Both numbers listed in Extensions section and numbers matching any friend regexp will be considered as internal and
>         won't traverse numeric transformation rules. Set to 'Yes' to disable this logic and make these numbers traverse
>         numeric transformations too.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Always apply transformations
        Both numbers listed in Extensions section and numbers matching any friend regexp will be considered as internal and
        won't traverse numeric transformation rules.  Enable this setting to force Numeric Transformation rules even on these numbers. 

```
